Player Requirements: 
A. Identification: Needed to be brought to registration on Day One- ALL together for the full team.
	1.Original Birth Certificates in alphabetical order- NO sleeves.
	2.ID cards and Valid Passports can be given separately (do not need to be in pile with BC)

B. Medical forms: For each player, forms will be available to download on the Parent/Player dashboard. Parents will need to obtain the player’s security code from the Team Contact and will be able to sign into the dashboard once the player is placed on the Team Roster.

REQUIRED MEDICAL FORMS:
	1.Camper Information:  Is now filled electronically on the Parent/Player dashboard in the medical form upload area.
	2.Camper Examination & Medication Form (now 1 page) Can be used alone if taken to the Dr. at the time of physical and signed. 
	If using own Physical form signed by Dr. -It must not be expired before check-in date and the Camper Examination & Medication form must be included with all info complete except the signature portion.
	3.Immunization record – MUST have players name CLEARLY visible: If it has a hospital or Doctor’s office Header on it- does not need to be signed. 
	If it DOES NOT have the Hospital/Dr. header it WILL need to be signed by a 
	Dr.(must be the most current record for the player-regardless of the number of immunizations entered)
	4. Health Insurance Card: Upload a photo of the player’s health insurance card.
	
These items should be uploaded to the parent/ player dashboard as soon as possible. (Best to upload everything at one time)
Once reviewed and approved the “Medical” checkmark will appear on the roster. 

C. Participation Waivers/Parental Consent Authorization:

Participation Waivers and Parental Consent Authorization are electronic on the Parent/Player dashboard. Parents will need to obtain the player’s security code from the Team Contact and will be able to sign into the dashboard once the player is placed on the Team Roster. Once the parent signs in, these forms will automatically pop up for them to fill out.

Once completed online the “Waiver/Acknowledgement” and “Parental Authorization” checkmarks will appear on the roster.
