Cooperstown Dreams Park ("we," "us," or "our") are committed to maintaining the integrity and privacy of personal information collected on the internet. This privacy policy ("Policy") is intended to describe our information collection and dissemination practices in connection with Cooperstown Dreams Park group of websites and mobile apps ("apps") located at www.cooperstowndreamspark.com or any website or service that links to or refers to this Policy (collectively, the "Sites").
By using the Sites, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information in accordance with the Policy.

1. INFORMATION COLLECTED
	We may collect the following kinds of information when you use the Sites:Information you provide directly to us For certain activities, such as when 	you register, subscribe to our alerts, download our forms, or contact us directly, we may collect some or all of the following types of information:
	Contact information, such as your full name, email address, mobile phone number, and address;Username and password; and Any other information you 	provide to us.We may combine such information with information we may already have about you. Information we collect automatically We may collect 	certain information automatically when you use our Sites, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, device and advertising identifiers, browser 	type, operating system, Internet service provider, pages that you visit before and after using 	the Sites, the date and time of your visit,	information about the links you click, the pages you view, the general manner in which you navigate the Sites, and other standard server log	information. We may also collect certain location information when you use our Sites, such as your computer’s or obile device’s IP address. The 	content or functionality on our Sites, may use cookies, and similar technologies to automatically collect thisinformation. For more information 	about cookies and similar technologies, please see the "Cookies" section below.
	The content or functionality on our Sites, may use background location data/location services, and similar technologies to automatically determine 	the guest's location upon entering the physical facilties. For more information about location data and similar technologies, please see the 	"BACKGROUND LOCATION DATA" section below.We may also collect technical data to address and fix technical problems and improve our Sites, including 	the memory state of your device when a system or app crash occurs while using our Sites. Your device or browser settings may permit you to control 	the collection of this technical data. This data may include parts of a document you were using when a problem occurred, or the contents of your 	communications.By using the Sites, you are consenting to the collection of this technical data.

2. USE OF INFORMATION
	We generally use the information we collect online to: Contact you, for team placement and scheduling purposes; Fulfill your requests for products 	and information from our retail outlets; Analyze the use of the Sites and user data to understand and improve the Sites;
	Customize the content you see when you use the Sites and;For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant 	to your consent.

3. SHARING OF INFORMATION
	We will not share your personal information with other individuals or organizations without your permission, including public organizations, 	corporations or individuals, except when applicable by law. We do not sell, communicate or otherwise divulge your information to any third parties. 	The only exceptions are if law enforcement or a court order compels us to do so.

4. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
	The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) protects the personal information of children under the age of 13. This applies to individually 	identifiable information about a child that is collected online, such as full name, email address, telephone number or any other information that 	would allow someone to identify or contact the child. We encourage you to read more about COPPA: https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0031-	protecting-your-childs-privacy-online

NOTE TO PARENTS
	Cooperstown Dreams Park is committed to providing a safe, secure, and fun online experience for children who visit our Sites. We are dedicated to 	safeguarding any personal information collected online and to helping parents and children have positive experiences on the Internet. Consistent 	with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998.
	we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. 	Parents can give or revoke their consent and ask that information about their children be deleted from our Sites by contacting us via email at: 	info@cooperstowndreamspark.com.
	To give or revoke consent or review personal information collected from children, we must verify the identity of the requesting parent. When a 	parent revokes consent, we will stop collecting and/or using from that child, or remove the associated account data.
	To respect the privacy of parents, information collected and used for the sole purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing notice 	is not maintained in retrievable form by the Sites if parental consent is not obtained after a reasonable time. Cooperstown Dreams Park believes it 	is good policy not to collect more personally identifiable information from children under 13 than the minimum necessary for them to participate on 	our Sites.

5. SECURITY
	We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. 	Note that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be one hundred percent 	secure.

6. BACKGROUND LOCATION DATA
	In compliance with FTC guidlines, we are required to disclose the use of location services data (also known as background location) and how this 	data is used. For the security of our guests, we track and authorize vehicles entering Cooperstown Dreams Park's facilities. The Cooperstown Dreams 	Park app collects latitude and longitude data for purposes of determining the proximity to our physical address/location during entry to Cooperstown 	Dreams Park facilties. At no other time is this data collected or used. The data collected is not shared, sold, or otherwise distributed to any 	third parties other than Cooperstown Dreams Park and its employees and assigns.

7. COOKIES
	Cookies are small bits of information that are stored by your computer’s web browser. Pixel tags are very small images or small pieces of data 	embedded in images, also known as "beacons" or "clear GIFs," that can recognize cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the 	page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. To find out more above cookies, including how to see what 	cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org. We use cookies and similar technologies for technical reasons 	to enable the efficient operation of the Sites, to enhance the ease of use of the Sites, and to gather statistics on how you use our Sites. By using 	the Sites, you consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies. You may opt out of cookies and similar technologies, but please note that 	certain functionalities on the Sites may no longer function for you if you choose to do so.

8. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
	We may update this Policy from time to time. When we update the Policy, we will revise the “Effective Date” date above and post the new Privacy 	Policy. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Sites to stay informed of our privacy practices.

9. CONTACT INFORMATION
	If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at:
	Info@cooperstowndreamspark.com Or by mail: Cooperstown Dreams Park 330 S. Main St Salisbury, NC 28144.