22 lighted, real grass, enclosed baseball stadiums, 104 clubhouses in a baseball village on 165 acres.

Conveniently located a short 4 miles from downtown Cooperstown.

Teams are guaranteed six (6) games / thirteen (13) max. (weather permitting).

9 AM start time, games have no time limits.

Players receive Cooperstown Dreams Park home and away jerseys and socks, game hat and player warm-up set (tournament shirt, long sleeve performance shirt and batting jacket).

Coaches receive home and away polos, game hat, pullover and batting jacket. Umpires receive 2 pro-style umpire jerseys, jacket, t-shirt, combo hat, plate brush, ball bag, water bottle, training pins, and Umpire group photo.

All players, coaches, and umpires stay in the Baseball Village for six nights and seven days.

All players will have a photo session with the CDP Photo Studio.

All teams seeded into the championship playoffs.

Cooperstown Dreams Park trophies will be presented to the first and second place teams.

An opportunity for kids to be heroes and realize that dreams really do come true at Cooperstown Dreams Park Skills Competitions: "King of Swat", "Road Runner", "Golden Arm" and "Around the Horn Plus".

We recommend that all teams bring community or team pins to trade with others while at Dreams Park.

All players, coaches and umpires are inducted into the American Youth Baseball Hall of Fame and receive the coveted American Youth Baseball Hall of Fame ring, regardless of finish.

New members of the American Youth Baseball Hall of Fame are encouraged to leave their glove, spikes, jersey or team banner with Baseball Operations.
Guest service and medical staff provided 24 hours a day.

Cooperstown Dreams Park is professionally managed and staffed. Our umpires are professionally trained and supervised.

American Youth Baseball Hall of Fame induction ceremony and the championship game, with a spectacular fireworks display in between.

All teams need to supply their own white uniform pants, cleats (no metal), gloves, helmets, bats, catchers' gear, and other safety equipment
Three nutritional meals a day.

All teams 12 years old and under from all independent travel/select and sanctioned teams are invited. Up to 104 teams per tournament.

Each team photo will be displayed in the American Youth Baseball Hall of Fame, an honor to all CDP youth baseball participants.

All rosters must be submitted prior to check-in.

Eligible players may not turn 13 before May 1st.

Official copy of birth certificates or state/national photo identification with birth date must be submitted at check-in.

Cooperstown Dreams Park will supply game balls. Bring your own practice balls.